Program-1 // – Input the string “Python” as a list of characters from console, delete at least 2 characters, reverse the resultant string and print it.

Here in this program first the user has to enter the string with the space between each character as we used split function, all the letters will be then converted into list of characters following that, two characters were deleted using the index of the characters and then the elements in the list were reveresed and joined using the join function and finally the output is printed. // - Take two numbers from user and perform at least 4 arithmetic operations on them. In this programe usesr is made to enter two values on which arthematic operations(Addition, substracting, multiplication and division) were performed and the final output is printed.

Program-2 // - Write a program that accepts a sentence and replace each occurrence of ‘python’ with ‘pythons’ User has to enter a sentence in which is in the string format. Dot lower function is used to convert all the upper case lettere into lowercase letters.Now, using the dot replace function is used inoder to replace all the 'python' words with 'pythons'.

Programe- 3 // - Use the if statement conditions to write a program to print the letter grade based on an input class score. Use the grading scheme we are using in this class. First of all percentage needs to be entered by the user then, using if and elif blocks perncentage is classified into the respective grades.Finally the corrospondent grade is printed. Grades are classidied as shown below 90%-100% is graded as A 80%-89% is graded as B 70%-79% is graded as C 60%-69% is graded as D Below 60%5 is garded as F
